Flag
An official website of the City of Chicago Here's how you know
Get the new, updated COVID-19 and flu vaccines. They're safe, effective, and can be taken together. Learn more at  Chicago.gov/COVIDVax.
Logo of the City of Chicago Chicago
I Want To Programs and Initiatives Government AboutAccessibility
Search
Language

English
Fleet and Facility Management
2FM Home
Chicago Riverwalk Quick Links
2FM Quick Links
News
Home
Departments
Fleet and Facility Management
Supporting Info
Chicago Ward, Community Area and Neighborhood Maps
Chicago Ward, Community Area and Neighborhood Maps
Map files on this site use the PDF format, and can be viewed or downloaded with software such as Adobe Reader.

Ward Maps
Chicago has fifty wards. Each ward is a political district, and the voters in each ward are represented by an elected Alderman. The fifty Aldermen make up the Chicago City Council.

Ward boundaries change after each United States census in order to reflect population shifts within the city and to ensure that each ward has approximately the same population.

An interactive map of all Chicago Wards
A catalog of PDF files for all Chicago Wards
Community Area Maps
Chicago is divided into seventy-seven (77) Community Areas. These boundaries do not change over time (as political boundaries do), so that information about the city can be consistently collected and analyzed over long periods of time.

An interactive map of all Chicago Community Areas
A PDF file with maps of all Chicago Community Areas
Neighborhood Map
Chicago neighborhood names and neighborhood boundaries can change over time. Different people may have different perspectives on the names and locations of specific neighborhoods.

City government does not recognize or use Chicago neighborhood boundaries for any official purposes

The only map of Chicago neighborhoods approved by the City Council was finalized in 1993, and was based on a survey conducted in 1978. The map that resulted from that process is the neighborhood map available here.

An interactive map of Chicago Neighborhoods
Home
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Web Standards
Site Credits
Site Map
Contact Us
Press Room
City of Chicago
City of Chicago
Copyright © 2010 - 2025 City of Chicago
